In this demo, I will show you how to set up heapster with  influxdb and grafana.
You first need heapster, which you can download from "www.github.com/kubernetes/heapster"
So, here you clone or download.
You can just download a zip file for instance or we can use clone, to clone this repository.
And then, download this masters of heapster, unzip it, then you can find the files
that we need to deploy
"ls deploy/kube-config/influxdb"
And those files are meant to Kubernetes addon system, so what I am going to do is
I am just going to use "kubectl" and add those as a pod.
So, I will need to add some of these services.
So, I will first start with Grafana service and here it says,
"If you are not using this addon, you comment out this line"
So, that's what I'm going to do.
And this needs to be of type "NotePort", because we are not going to use a load balancer on our minikube.
If you are using AWS, and you want to use a load balancer, you could change this to "Load Balancer".
I am going to edit the "heapster-services.yml".
Again, this line should be commented. If I want to access this service externally I could add a NodePort,
but for now I don't need it.
And then we have influx TV service,
and then I comment on this line again. This one again, influxes has a UI that you can use,
then you just have to uncomment NodePort and uncomment these ports, and you can use the influxdb API
and you can do "create" directly on the database.
I'm only going to show you the graphs using the dashboard and grafana.
I don't need those, "kubectl create -f", I can do "-f" also on the directory,
those need to be files and I am going to add all those files.
But, I see that I'm trying to connect to my kops cluster, which is off line and I want to use minikube.
So, I'm just going to exit here and on my MacBook itself I have minikube running.
So, I'm going to use, "kubectl create -f" right here,
because I use this "ubuntu-xenial", to my kops cluster, and I have my local MacBook Pro to connect to minikube.
This now are running and I need at least one pod to show you an example.
So, I am just going to create the from the "Kubernetes-course" the deployment, the "helloworld.yml"
"Kubectl create"
And when this, "monitoring grafana" service is up, I can do
"minikube service mentoring-grafana --url"
and also launched in a different namespace, so I have to specify, "--namespace=kube-system"
This is going to give me a URL and then I should be able to connect.
This is Grafana, you might need to log in here.
So, make sure that if you make this public, that you immediately change the password or that you password protect this UI.
User, standard user and password is admin, I am going to login with admin, and then I can see the cluster.
This can take some time before it is running.
So, I just refreshed because you have to wait a couple of minutes after you launch your cluster.
And now we have one data point.
It becomes more interesting, when we go inside of cluster to pods
and then here we can then see our pods.
We have the namespace kube-system and the namespace default.
In a namespace default I have four instances of my "helloworld-deployment" that I just started, and then here you will be able to see how much
CPU, how much memory, how much network usage, how much filesystem usage, the pods are using.
And, also more interesting now is that, if you go to the dashboard, you will also be able to see graphs
So you type, "minikube dashboards" and the URL, and I go to the kupe dashboard
and I will also now see memory usage, CPU usage of all those pods, which is very good to follow up.
And you also need this monitoring to do auto-scaling, which I will explain to you in the next lecture.